# daysTillGrad

How many days left until graduation? What about school days? Use this app and
find out for yourself!

daysTillGrad is a countdown until graduation for Maine West High School Class of
2019.

## Features
- Automatic recalculation every 60 seconds
- Calendar days countdown
- School days countdown

## Legal and Licenses
The code in this project is licensed under the terms of the MIT License
(see: LICENSE).

The following files does not contain a license declaration in the header. They
are licensed under the terms of the MIT License.
```
README.md
.gitignore
package.json
webpack.config.js
docs/index.html
src/images/calendar-day.svg
src/images/school-day.svg
```
The following files are automatically generated during the build process of this
project as a bundle of other source code in this project. They may not be
referenced unless such reference is done within the scope of this project. They
may not be redistributed outside of the redistribution of this project as a
whole. They are not licensed under the terms of the MIT License.
```
docs/app.js
```
The following files are automatically generated by a package manager. They may
not be referenced unless such reference is done within the scope of this project.
They may not be redistributed outside of the redistribution of this project as a
whole. They are not licensed under the terms of the MIT License.
```
package-lock.json
```
The following files may not be modified, referenced outside of the scope of this
project, or redistributed outside of this project as a whole. They are not
licensed under the terms of the MIT License.
```
src/images/Calendar Day.psd
src/images/School Day.psd
```
The following files must be modified. They may not be referenced outside of the
scope of this project without prior modification. They may not be redistributed
outside of this project as a whole without modification. They are not licensed
under the terms of the MIT License.
```
docs/CNAME
```
## Non-School Days
daysTillGrad excludes the following non-school days from the school days
countdown:

- April 9, 2019

  PSAT8/9® testing day for Freshmen and SAT® testing day for __*Juniors*__

- April 10, 2019

  PSAT10® testing day for Sophomores

- April 19, 2019

  Good Friday. Non-attendance for all students.

- May 14, 2019

  __*Optional*__ senior final exams day 1

- May 15, 2019

  __*Optional*__ senior final exams day 2. __*Mandatory*__ Senior Honors
  Assembly.

- May 16, 2019

  __*Mandatory*__ graduation rehearsal and cap and gown distribution followed by
  Senior BBQ

- May 17, 2019

  Prom
